Add Google maps pricing change info (#37165)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/google_travel_time.markdown

A quota can be set against the API to avoid exceeding the free credit amount. Set the 'Elements per day' to a limit of 645 or less. Details on how to configure a quota can be found [here](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/distance-matrix/usage-and-billing#set-caps)

> **Starting March 2025** Google will change the pricing scheme from the US$200 per month credit to 10,000 free requests. You should adjust your limit to 322 or less. You can find more information on the pricing changes [here](https://developers.google.com/maps/billing-and-pricing/faq#pricing-sheet).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Starting March 2025** Google will change the pricing scheme from the US$200 per month credit to 10,000 free requests. You should adjust your limit to 322 or less. You can find more information on the pricing changes in the [google developer documentation](https://developers.google.com/maps/billing-and-pricing/faq#pricing-sheet).
```
instead of "here" I would describe where that link goes to. Feel free to rename.
